- Welcome
to Black Ink New Orleans.
- Oh!
- TATI: No way!
Holy [bleep],
this place is huge.
- TED: Yo, this is crazy.
- WALT: Yo, Happy Birthday,
Cease.
- Walt's been living it up
since we've been out here,
and he's supposed to be living
the sober life these days.
I hope his drinking just doesn't
get out of control.
- Pass me one them bottles!
- Everyone in New Orleans,
you know--that's where
my mom's family lives.
My mom's whole family
disowned her
when she decided
to marry my dad.
He's a black man,
she was a white woman.
They were not having it.
- BAE: You know
where they live?
- No, but I have
a phone number.
I found a cousin of mine.
His name's Pete, and he actually
lives in New Orleans.
- [phone ringing]
- PETE: Hello?
- This is Melody.
I was just wondering
if you'd be down
to meet for coffee
or something one day.
- PETE: Let me, uh,
think about this,
and I'll give you a call back
couple days maybe.
- ♪
- Oh my God.
- TATI: [laughing]
- That ass is looking good.
I might have to move
her bags up to my room.
- Here you go.
- We're announcing
that Black Ink
has finally
arrived in New Orleans.
I'm hoping this is
one of the biggest
Black Ink parties ever.
Where's the [bleep] people?
'Cause I see nobody, yo.
You [bleep] this party up.
You didn't do your job.
You're [bleep] drunk.
- A drunk?
Are you [bleep]
kidding me right now?
- I'm the boss,
and you fired [bleep]!
What are you doing here?
You're supposed
to be in New York?
You need to go [bleep]
find a new job, yo.
You're fired.
- ♪
♪
♪ Drop, drop ♪
♪♪
- ♪ Let 'em know,
let 'em know ♪
♪ Ain't nothing move but your
money when the squad rolls ♪
♪ Let 'em know, let 'em know ♪
♪ Ain't nothing move but
your dice when a player rolls ♪♪
- Teddy!
What happened last night?
- I still feel like I'm there.
I ain't go to sleep.
I ain't--you see
I'm still in the same [bleep].
I ain't do nothing.
- Sleep--I've been thinking
about this [bleep] all night.
The party was probably
the worst party
I've ever seen...in my life.
What are we gonna do?
- Tati, I ain't see Cease
like that in so [bleep] long.
- Bro, I've never
seen Cease like that.
- He lost his [bleep]
yesterday.
Like as much money
he spent on that bar,
as much money he spent to set
that [bleep] up, everything,
and not one [bleep] person
show up?
- Where was the disconnect?
- I don't know, man.
- WALT: Yo.
- TATI: What's going on?
- Hey, what the [bleep]
happened last night, yo?
Like what the [bleep]?
Like how [bleep] Ceaser just
gonna fire me like that, yo?
- Cease lost it last night.
We were just talking about it.
- This some [bleep].
Yo, like [bleep]
gonna just single me out
and just gonna look around,
duck, duck, goose.
"Walt, you the [bleep],
you the [bleep],
you the [bleep], you fired!"
Like what kind
of [bleep] is that?
Yo, bro, I don't need
this [bleep] right now, man.
I'm having a shot with [bleep],
but yeah, just for celebration.
Call me a drunk right now?
You know
that's some bull [bleep].
You know I'm not on that type
of time no more, Cease.
Like he knows I'm trying
to get my kids back.
I'm trying to stack my money up.
I mean, yeah, I did have
a couple of drinks
while I was down here,
but that ain't stop me
from promoting the shop.
So it's not just
my mother [bleep] fault.
We all are to blame here.
- TATI: Walt, you're not
gonna go anywhere, okay? Relax.
Everything's gonna be fine.
- [bleep] whack.
I don't like that
impulsive [bleep].
I feel like [bleep] really
just tried to pick on me
last night, just take
all his anger out on me.
- Yo, I think Cease
definitely took it
a little bit too far
firing Walt.
I mean, you can't put
all the blame on one person.
And if Walt
does have a drinking problem,
it's definitely other ways
we should approach it.
- WALT: Nah, I really think
that [bleep] was some
whack [bleep] last night.
[bleep] just gonna fire me--
- Where was you at?
- What you mean where I was at?
Where was you?
- TATI: You all both
got fired last night.
- ♪
- WALT: You got fired, too?
- Yeah, Cease fired me
last night.
"Fired" me last night.
Whatever, I'm not worried.
I've been through this [bleep]
before with Ceaser,
and it never sticks.
- You are here
to a [bleep] job.
And if you can't "arrange
the appointment" accordingly,
I'll fire your dumb ass.
What you gonna do?
Storm out?
- DONNA: Yo, yeah, I'm leaving.
- CEASER: Then leave.
Get the [bleep] out of here.
You're [bleep] fired.
- You can't fire me.
- Get the [bleep] out.
- No, I'm not going anywhere.
He knows I'm one of
the best tattoo artists he has,
so he needs to just learn
to appreciate my greatness.
Plus, I didn't
[bleep] up the party, he did.
That party last night
was [bleep] as hell.
And even though
Cease don't see it yet,
I see that y'all
[bleep] need me here.
So, I'm gonna be here.
- [bleep] that's whack though.
- Listen,
as much as I definitely
don't want Donna here,
I can't deny that we need
all the help we can get.
We have our grand opening party
this weekend.
We're opening in a week.
We cannot afford
another failure.
Alright, squad.
We got a grand opening
coming when?
- Well, you tell us.
- [bleep].
- WALT: I don't know,
I'm fired.
- The grand opening
is this weekend.
What are we gonna do?
- We need to pause
and bring it down.
- We gotta redeem ourselves.
- I'm calling New York
and get the reinforcements,
and we're gonna
make this happen.
We gotta throw a better party.
We gotta do something
to make Ceaser proud.
Let's go! Let's go!
- ♪
- [record scratches]
- Alex?
- If this goes bad,
this is all on you.
- Alex!
Let's go, Black Ink on three.
Ready, one, two, three!
- ALL: Black Ink!
- DONNA:
Oooh, that got me hyped.
- ♪ Na, na, na,
oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Na, na, na, oh, oh,
oh, oh oh ♪
♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
- DONNA: Okay, guys, get ready.
I have a surprise for y'all.
- SKY: Hey.
What's that?
You got gifts and [bleep]?
- [laughs] Yes, gifts.
I have an idea that I think
is gonna save the shop.
- ♪
- [laughing]
Wait, did Donna just say
she gonna save the shop?
Donna has never
had a great idea.
- The first part is...
bathing suits.
- ♪
- The second part
is Bourbon Street.
- ♪
- Third part is?
- And the third part is signs.
- ♪
- Oooooh!
Donna actually has a good idea.
I stand corrected.
I accept my flaws.
- It's gonna be us
in the bikinis holding the signs
with the neon lights on
and stuff.
And then down
the street--Bourbon Street.
We gonna have our titties out,
our asses out.
Whatever it takes
to get people in the shop.
Guys in thongs,
hella ass checks out.
- Who--what guys?
- No guys in thongs.
- Somebody's gotta
come up with some good ideas
around here to save the shop.
Especially since Cease went MIA.
- [knocking at door]
- [dog barks]
- SKY: Who is it?
- TATI: Aladdin, hold on.
Who is it?
- SKY: [screaming]
Since Tati asked to bring
reinforcements
from New York, I asked
my best bitch Alison
to come down...and Eliot.
[laughs]
Eliot and I have been
trying to get back on good terms
since he [bleep] betrayed me
and gave away his sperm.
Where the [bleep] is Eliot?
- ELIOT: Yeah, right there.
Right there.
- Eliot?
Oh my God, why the [bleep] is
your [bleep] in Kevin's mouth?
What are y'all doing?
No! He's taking my--
But he's been working, trying
to get back in my good graces.
Cheers.
- ELIOT: Cheers.
- I hate you.
- SKY: I'm so happy
you guys are here.
Let's get some shots.
- [knocking at door]
- Hello!
- Yes!
- Ahh!
- Yes, my reinforcement plan
is in action.
- ALL: [cheering]
- Oh my God.
Kitty, I invited you here
to help out.
Why would you bring
this blue bitch down here?
- KITTY: What the hell
is going on?
- Jadah and I do not do well
on trips together.
When we were in Miami, she
attacked me in a jealous rage
because she thought that
I was sleeping with Teddy.
- [indistinct yelling]
- So, maybe I should
double check to see
who she's sleeping with
these days
to avoid getting
assaulted again.
- So, everybody grab a shot,
because it's about
to be a toast.
- Wait, Jadah.
Do you wanna let us know if
you're [bleep] anybody here?
Do you wanna announce it now?
- Tati, you still
worried about Miami?
Bitch, you need to get over it.
That was months ago.
Let me let you know.
Today's your lucky day then,
sweetheart,
'cause I'm not
[bleep] nobody here.
- Okay, good to know.
- You should be happy
that I'm not [bleep]
with nobody in this house.
'Cause that way, bitch,
you know that you ain't got
no ass whooping coming.
Only thing you need
to worry about
is keeping [bleep] in order.
- Stop.
- Girl, that bitch
started with me.
I ain't stopping [bleep].
- It was a question.
- Excuse me, excuse me.
- We're all supposed to be
down here helping with
this grand opening, not focusing
on petty bull [bleep].
Y'all need to get
your acts together.
- Worry about your pussy,
not mine, bitch!
- Shut the [bleep] up!
- Ooh!
- God!
- [glass shatters]
- What?
- SKY: Oh [bleep]!
- You know how much
[bleep] money I put out
for this [bleep] bar?
This mother [bleep] right here,
[bleep] up, he fired, period.
- You singled me out,
and that was whack!
- You done?
- Since day one
of you coming in the shop,
like I definitely had my eye
on you a little bit.
- Definitely like
having you around.
- [crowd cheering]
- ♪ You know you turn me on ♪
- I'm so happy people showed up
to this grand opening party.
We representing Black Ink
the way we know how.
- [indistinct yelling]
- ♪
- Worry about your pussy,
not mine, bitch!
- Shut the [bleep] up!
- Ohh!
- God!
- What?
- [glass shatters]
- [indistinct yelling]
- [bleep].
- Tati, stop, because I wanna
hit you, bitch, and you know.
- I didn't even
come down here for this.
I came down here
to be drama-free
and help your raggedy-ass.
- [indistinct yelling]
- SKY: Donna! Donna!
Alright, it happened,
it happened, it happened!
- TATI: All I did was
ask a simple question.
Who you [bleep]?
Because last time, I was
only dancing with Teddy,
and I got sucker-punched,
because he was
who you was [bleep].
I don't have
no crystal ball, bitch.
I don't know who you [bleep].
- I still don't know
what happened.
- I asked her a question,
she could have just answered
the question respectfully.
- Girl, shut the [bleep] up.
Girl, shut the [bleep] up.
- "Bitch, who is she [bleep]?"
- --to me is who was I [bleep]?
- I wanted to make sure I know
right away so we can dead it.
That's it.
- I get Jadah beat up Tati
in Miami.
But get the [bleep] over it.
You are doing nothing
but creating
more drama for yourself.
- Y'all did the eye for an eye.
Can y'all shake hands?
- It took everything in me
not to [bleep]
beat your ass right there.
I had you in my hands, Tatiana.
- My--my beef is with Jadah.
- Bitch, you pussy.
You pussy, like I said.
- Oh yeah.
- Now she talking [bleep].
- You know, I brought
Jadah down here
because I thought
she would help.
Maybe that wasn't the best idea.
- Jadah, do you think
I'm scared of you?
- Just walk past me
if you want to.
- TATI: Fine, I will.
- Bitch!
- Yo, [bleep]!
- MAN: Go, go, go.
- Listen, not right now!
- JADAH: Bitch, you set me up.
Bitch,
I'm not done with you yet.
- ♪ For all my ladies
who grind ♪
♪ And just trying
to better their life ♪
♪ Who've been pushed
so far left ♪
♪ That she just trying
to get right ♪
♪ Keep pushing, keep ♪♪
- ♪
- [knocking at door]
- [door buzzes]
- Hey.
- What's up, bro?
You alright?
- Yeah, how are you?
You got going?
Where everybody else at?
- [bleep] everybody else, yo.
- What's that, bro?
You need some help?
- Yeah, if you could, bro.
- You know I got you.
You're in my city, bro.
- CEASER: I know.
[bleep] this is getting
stressful, man.
I [bleep] stand, it's just
me and you in Black Ink.
- [laughs] Get that, man.
- I feel like I'm the only one
who's putting any effort
to open up this [bleep] shop.
You really think after that
disastrous soft opening we had,
mother [bleep] would step
their [bleep] [bleep] up.
Do you see anybody
around right now? Do you?
- They got overwhelmed
with the city, man.
You know, it's a party city,
bro.
- Nah, I can't use that
as an excuse.
If we gots to work,
we gots to work, bro.
Like I don't got no time
for failure.
Like I got a daughter at home
now that I gotta make
go to college
and [bleep] like that.
- I feel you, man.
I got two girls myself.
- Now you see
what I'm stressing about.
- I--I definitely get you, bro.
- [door buzzes]
- Yo, Cease.
Excuse me, yo, I need
to talk to him real quick, yo.
Can I talk to you
over here, please?
- I'm gonna let you handle
your business.
- I'll be back, bro.
I'm not in the mood
for this [bleep].
I'm basically opening up
a shop singlehandedly.
This mother [bleep] right here,
[bleep] up, he fired period.
Yo, what the hell you wanna
talk to me about, Walt?
- Yo, like what the [bleep]
happened the other night?
Like how you just gonna talk
to me like that in front
of all of these people
like this, my [bleep]?
So you just gonna single me out
because we all been down here
relaxing, chilling,
having a good time.
Now I'm not here trying
to get drunk or relapse
and get all crazy, and none
of that [bleep], my [bleep].
You wanna do this dumb [bleep]
in front of everybody?
Gonna throw the crawfish
and all of that stuff.
We got these new folk here.
You know what I'm saying?
That's now how we do
that [bleep], my [bleep].
That really wasn't called for.
- You done?
Can I talk now?
Because I'm hearing this
whole essay [bleep],
but you ain't put as much
work in your [bleep] speech
as you did [bleep]
promoting my shop.
The reason why
I'm acting like this,
have I ever
did anything like this?
You know how much [bleep] money
I put out for this [bleep] bar?
Look at this [bleep].
- [bleep] I said before--
- No one showed up!
- Listen!
- No one!
- You think I'm happy with that?
My [bleep], you not
even hearing my argument!
- I'm not,
because I'm your brother,
you do that [bleep] to me!
Everybody does
that [bleep] to me!
- You're not hearing me!
- What?
- You singled me out,
and that was whack!
Yo, that [bleep] Cease tried
to pull [bleep] other night
was trash, it was bull [bleep].
You know what I'm saying?
Like, yo, we [bleep] brothers
at the end of the day.
Cease, you gotta have
a little more respect for me,
'cause you know if anybody
mother [bleep] sacrifice to put
their life into the shop,
it's Walt.
You mad, and I get that!
But you know what the [bleep]
I'm trying to do right now.
I'm not out here trying
to get drunk and stupid.
You know I'm trying
to get about that [bleep].
to get my kids back.
And you just really took all
your "frustrates" out on me,
and that [bleep] was whack,
my [bleep].
I didn't deserve that.
I've always been there for you.
This is how you repay me?
- Yo, I shouldn't have
called you a drunk
in front of everybody.
- ♪
- You know what?
Walt's right.
He's been here since day one.
He's ride or die Black Ink.
Maybe I shouldn't have called
him out in front of everyone.
- ♪
- This is the most stressed
I've ever been.
Like I'm--I'm scared as [bleep].
The reason why
I flipped like that,
'cause I was nervous that day.
I knew it was
gonna [bleep] up, bro.
I can't afford a [bleep] up.
It's very easy
to sit here and like,
"Oh, Ceaser got it,
Ceaser got it."
At this point, I don't know what
the [bleep] I'm gonna do, bro.
- ♪
- I ain't happy about that
[bleep] either, [bleep].
I've been kicking myself
in the ass about this [bleep]
this whole time, too.
You know what I mean, I'm happy
that you even consider me to be
family and you kept me along
all this time on the journey,
you know what I'm saying?
- We go back, yo, when we was
[bleep] throwing pennies
in the [bleep] wishing well
hoping that we'd get here.
And now that we here, everybody
seem like they just happy.
I'm not happy with this, bro,
because now I see
we can do much more.
- ♪
- WALT: Yo, I'm here for you,
bro.
You can count on me.
Love you, man.
- CEASER: Alright, cool.
What the [bleep]
is you doing here?
Didn't I fire you?
I'm not paying you
for none of this [bleep]?
I'm personally shoving
her big ass in a FedEx box
and shipping her ass
back to New York.
- Just calm down.
- ♪ You know
you light me up inside ♪
♪ You know you turn me on ♪
- [siren wailing]
- CEASER: Oh God.
Yo, what the [bleep]
is going on?
I got the police at my door.
My stress level
is at the all-time high.
What the [bleep] is this?
- ♪
- ♪ When you hear that beat,
boom, boom, crazy ♪
♪ Everybody gonna fool,
go crazy ♪
♪ Go crazy, go crazy ♪♪
- KITTY: Alright, you guys, we
gotta make sure everything's set
for the grand opening.
Walt, you getting people
for this party?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- How the guest list looking?
- We good on that.
- Okay, cool.
- I've been taking calls.
I got almost 50 guests
that confirmed, we good.
Trust me, we're good.
- We have approximately
24 hours to turn
this grand opening party
into a success
and to open the doors
of Black Ink New Orleans.
I mean, there is no time
to [bleep] around.
Alex found a tattoo artist
named Herb who's supposed to be
one of the best artists
of New Orleans.
- How long you been tattooing?
- Two years.
- What's your specialty?
- I see you got it.
You got the vision and all that?
- You see how we do.
- Because we
obviously need
some new artists
to open the doors.
- ALEX: Welcome to the team.
I appreciate you, bro.
- You bet.
- KITTY: And sure,
Donna's fire.
But who cares right now?
I need her help on food duty.
I have Sky managing the drink.
- Do you serve coffee
at this bar?
- SKY: Yeah. We serve
cappuccinos with Baileys.
- I'll take a green tea.
- No.
- [laughs]
- And of course I had
to separate Tati and Jadah.
I left Jadah at home, because
Tati deserves to be here.
I mean, she's put
a lot of effort
into getting this shop
up and running.
I want Cease to be impressed.
I believe in the team.
Show him what
Black Ink New Orleans can do.
- [door buzzes]
- What's up?
- Hi.
- See?
This is exactly
why I'm the brand ambassador.
I get [bleep] done.
And I think it's time
for a little promotion.
Hey, Cease, how does
executive vice president sound?
- Yo, what the [bleep]
is you doing here?
Didn't I fire you?
- You fired Walt, too.
- WALT: Oh, Donna, I forgot to
tell you.
He hired me back.
- What the [bleep] are you
doing here, yo?
- Why you can't just calm down?
- Because I'm not paying you
for none of this [bleep].
You are fired.
What do you not understand
about that [bleep], yo?
No respect.
- KITTY: Cease, relax.
We need all the help
we can get right now.
None of that's important.
- You got me bugging.
- We--we getting it done.
It's done.
- Okay, fine.
I'm gonna leave this one alone.
- DONNA: Whatever.
You know you hire me back.
- But this party, it better
be [bleep] amazing,
or I'm personally shoving
her big ass in a FedEx box
and shipping her ass
back to New York.
- SKY: Hey, boss man. Look!
Oooooh!
- [applause]
- I'm making drinks
for the grand opening.
- You've been drinking?
- Yeah, I have to test
everything out to see
if it's something that you want.
Oh my God, I'm so excited
about this bar menu.
Like I'm not
just the magic manager.
I'm a magic bartender.
- ♪
- SKY: Taste it.
Tell me how good it is.
- ELIOTT: Uh-oh, wait for it.
Take it in.
- I don't like it.
- ♪
- It's like--it got that like
champagne taste to it.
- Alright, alright, alright.
I got something else for you.
- --a mimosa.
- SKY: Well, you can't
win all the time.
Sometimes taste
is subjective, I guess.
Can you taste this one?
Tell me what you think
about that one.
I know you gonna like that one
the most because it has rum.
It's rummy in my tummy.
- What the [bleep]
is wrong with you, yo?
Why are the bar [bleep]?
When did you learn these skills?
- Cease, I love you to death,
but you don't have
an opinion anymore.
- [door buzzes]
- Oh my God!
- Hey, girl!
- Hey!
This bougie-ass place!
- What's going on?
- Damn, this place
looks really good.
I'm so excited to be here.
You are just getting
bougier and bougier.
- What are you talking about?
- And I got a client today.
Kitty wanted me to come down
and represent the great artwork
down here at Black Ink.
- Mel!
Welcome!
- Hello.
Of course you're the bartender.
- Yes!
We'll have daiquiris soon.
- This is dangerous.
[laughing]
It was hard leaving Lalo
and the baby
back up in New York.
But you know what?
It's actually perfect timing
that Kitty called me down here,
because my cousin from
my mom's side of the family
actually called me back.
And he said he's willing
to meet up with me tomorrow
while I'm down here.
- Yes, girl.
Ah, you are here!
Ooh, girl, we gonna
put you to work.
- [door buzzes]
- Hey.
- Just in the nick of time.
- How are you?
- Good, how are you?
Yo, I'm seriously like
freaking out about meeting
my mom's cousin tomorrow.
So, I am just thanking God
that my client
is actually a friend of mine.
Um, alright, let's--let's
head on over here
so I can show you the design.
She's deciding to get
a portrait of her mom,
who just recently passed away.
And, you know,
the whole family issue
just really hits home
for me right now.
So, you know, this tattoo has
a lot of meaning for me also.
So, are you ready
to get this piece?
- Yes, I'm excited.
- Alright, well...
let's do this.
- ♪
♪ Stopping time ♪
♪ With the world at your feet ♪
♪ You can't have ♪
- MELODY: I feel
like I'm in shock.
I--I can't believe
that I'm about to actually
meet one of my mom's relatives.
You know, the family
that disowned her.
They went 40 years
without talking to her
because she had the audacity
for falling in love
and having kids
with a black man.
- ♪
♪ Try to let,
got the speed of the night ♪
♪ Got the speed of the night ♪
- You know, they abandoned her.
This is her own family.
Like what kind of person can do
that to someone that they love?
And, you know, as a mother,
I can't even imagine
doing something like that
to Kai.
There's no excuse,
and there's no reasoning
for any type of racism.
- ♪ Keeps out the night ♪
♪ As we ♪
♪ Dashing through the night ♪
♪
- I have no idea how I'm gonna
react to meeting my cousin.
You know, I don't know
if I'm gonna be angry.
I don't know if I'm just
gonna break into tears.
I'm just hoping that I can
get some kind of closure.
And, you know, hopefully,
it'll help bring some closure
to my mom as well.
- ♪
- Alright, we're done.
Let's go check it out.
What do you think?
- I love it.
It looks so good.
It looks bomb.
- Alright, let's wrap her up.
- Okay.
- BOTH: [giggling]
- ♪ They told me
that I'd never make it ♪
♪ All my life
I dealt with haters ♪
♪♪
- TATI: Oh, this is so nice.
Aladdin, sit.
- TED: I don't know if
it's this New Orleans thing.
I don't know if it's
being away from the shop.
But me and Tati seem to be
getting a little bit closer.
- TATI: Be cool.
- TED: Good dog.
I know she's been upset,
especially after her fight
with Jadah last night.
I wasn't there to see it,
but I wanna get her away
from the house, because
I wanna sure she's okay.
So how you feeling
about everything?
- I don't know.
Last night got me so mad.
Just seeing Jadah
when she walked in--
I mean, I'm not gonna lie.
I [bleep] threw a beer at her.
I--
- [laughing]
Wait. What you mean
you threw a beer at her?
- I provoked her.
Ever since I got here, I felt
like I've had a target
on my back,
and I'm tired of it.
- I'm with you 100%.
Like I'm tired of that [bleep].
I feel like Jadah's
like kinda picking on you.
Like I'm saying I don't get it.
It's like ever since Tati
started working at the shop,
like the girls
just been ganging up on her.
It's like enough is enough.
She's a sweet girl,
give her a chance.
It's like y'all
bullying her for no reason.
And this [bleep] is like
a high school class.
Like you don't deserve to be
treated the way you've been
treated at Black Ink.
- Oh my God, you have no idea
how good it feels to hear that.
It's been so hard to just like
try to get somebody
in my corner.
- Trust me, I'm definitely
in your corner.
You're like a very intriguing
woman, but--and since day one
of you coming to the shop,
like I definitely had my eye
on you a little bit.
- ♪
- A lot of bit.
I can't even say a little bit.
- [laughing]
- TED: There's something
about you.
You keep pushing against
everything like you're rebel.
- You like my sneaky game
a little bit, too?
- Mm, I've been paying that
attention there, too.
- [laughing]
- Like you're
a real cool chick.
- Thank you.
That's really nice to hear.
- TED: Mm-hmm.
- ♪
- I appreciate
this conversation.
Definitely like
having you around.
- You know what, Tati?
I think I'm starting
to like you.
- Excuse me.
You don't know
who the [bleep] I am?
- ♪
♪ I'm just living my life,
I'm just living my life ♪
♪ I'm just living my life
for me, yeah ♪♪
- KITTY:
Alright, is everybody ready?
Everybody excited?
Everybody got your signs?
I need everybody to have flyers.
Let's get this going!
I'm excited!
- ALL: [cheering]
- ♪
- KITTY: Please, please,
come to the grand opening!
- WALT: Black Ink grand opening
tonight, baby!
Pull up!
Free love, come out tonight!
Tonight is the big grand opening
of the Black Ink New Orleans!
And what better place to promote
it but here on Bourbon Street?
- ALL: [cheering]
- WALT: You know, we handing out
flyers and all that stuff.
Basically doing everything we
need to let everybody know
that Black Ink's in town.
I even hired
a brass band and all that.
Hey, hey, hey!
The last time I was
in charge of promoting,
kind of dropped the ball.
But it's no way
I'm trying to repeat that.
So I want Ceaser
to know I'm super serious
that we gonna
make this party a success.
Everything
is on this man tonight! Yeah!
- [crowd cheering]
- [band plays]
- DONNA: That was so good.
- ♪ Turn myself into a game,
no matter how a homie takes it ♪
♪ I know I had a dream,
I was first ♪
♪ I don't ever
want second place ♪♪
- ♪
- Today I'm meeting my cousin,
which I'm really excited about.
But he's over
a half an hour late.
But that's okay,
because it will give me time
to have a drink
and just calm my nerves.
- ♪
- At this point, I've been
waiting for a while,
and he hasn't shown up.
And...I'm starting to think
that he's not going to.
- ♪
- EverY voice in my head
is just telling me,
"You shouldn't be here.
You know better.
"Your mom was right.
"They don't care about her,
they're damn sure
not gonna care about you."
I just feel like I made
the wrong [bleep] call.
What the [bleep]?
- ♪
You know, I cannot believe
that this [bleep] guy
just stood me up.
I know he was reluctant.
I could tell he was reluctant
from the very beginning.
So was I.
But you know what?
You told me that you would
show up, so I came down here.
And then you're just
gonna leave me hanging?
Like what a [bleep] coward?
- [phone ringing]
- MOM: Hello?
- Mommy.
- MOM: Melody?
- Hey.
- MOM: What's wrong?
- Um, I contacted
one of your cousins.
I know you asked me
not to, but I did.
- MOM: And what happened?
- Nothing.
[bleep] nothing.
I was supposed
to meet up with him,
and he just [bleep]
stood me up.
- I thought it would be
a nice surprise.
I thought things would go well.
I'm so [bleep] pissed.
Like I'm not even sad anymore,
I'm just [bleep] pissed.
I feel so stupid.
- MOM: I told you
this was a bad idea.
I told you from the beginning.
You know what they did to me.
- Yeah, I know.
My mom was right.
She's been dealing with this
for a long [bleep] time.
And I just opened up
a bunch of old wounds.
And I wanted to believe that
things could get better,
that people
couldn't be so terrible.
But these people are.
And I'm [bleep] done with it.
And I don't want to know them.
- MOM: I am so sorry, Mel.
This is not about you.
- MELODY: I love you.
- ♪
- ♪ I won't take
life for granted ♪
♪ Promise say I will
keep working knowing ♪
♪ That tomorrow's not certain ♪
♪ Won't take
life for granted ♪♪
- [crowd cheering]
- I wanna welcome everybody
to Black Ink New Orleans, y'all.
Now let's have a [bleep] party.
- ♪ You know yo light me,
fire ♪
♪ You know you turn me on ♪
♪ You got me burning up,
you got it going on ♪
- I'm so happy people showed up
to this grand opening party.
- Hey, congratulations!
- I finally feel
we representing Black Ink
the way we know how.
- SKY: Hey!
- And I'm so happy New Orleans
actually [bleep] us
and accepts us.
- Whoo, whoo, whoo!
- ♪ Up inside,
you make me come alive ♪
- How are you doing?
Of course this party is popping.
I mean, I would say I'm shocked,
but I'm really not
since I put it together.
- Hey!
Pussy cat!
- [bleep].
- [indistinct chatter]
- And to make sure
this party is drama free,
I left Miss Jadah back at home.
I was all willing
to forgive and forget,
but Jadah started
going after Tati again.
- What the [bleep] are you
doing up here?
- I don't understand--
- Get your friend out of here!
Get her out of here!
- Yo, yo, yo!
What the [bleep]
is going on up here?
- This bitch threw beer
in my face,
[bleep] now she up here!
- Tati's instrumental
in the planning
of this grand opening,
so she deserves to be here.
Good vibes only tonight, baby.
- I wanna give
a big toast to New Orleans!
- New Orleans, baby!
- ALL: [cheering]
- SKY: This goes out to all
the crew, especially my brother.
I never had any doubts.
This is a Black Ink party!
Let's get stupid!
To bigger titties
in bigger cities!
- ALL: [cheering]
- ♪ I wanna see you move
all out on the floor ♪
♪ Just shake 'em body
rocking it, partying some more ♪
♪ Shake, shake, shake, shake,
shake ♪
- Hello, New Orleans.
See what I'm saying?
You can be sober
and still have a great time.
Just look at me!
- ♪
- WALT: Whoa, whoa, whoa,
time out, time out, time out.
Pineapples, pineapples.
Wait, time out.
- SKY: Can we all get shots?
- [unintelligible].
- Patron over there.
Two Patrons over here.
- ♪
- I must say, I'm very proud
of myself with being
the star-tender at this bar.
Ceaser put a lot of pressure
on me to maintain.
And look at it.
Everybody's drunk,
enjoying themselves.
And it's a vibe.
So, um, you're welcome,
mother [bleep].
I always come through.
This is a real [bleep] pour,
bitch.
Not no tiny-ass, cheap-ass pour.
What is wrong with y'all?
Why--why you pour this for us?
I specially told this bartender
that I wanted drinks poured
like it's a five [bleep] star
establishment.
- Excuse me,
are you calling me bougie?
Bitch, I hired your dumbass.
What the [bleep]?
I expect you to do things
the way I said to do them.
This [bleep]
is unacceptable, bitch.
- [indistinct yelling]
- ♪
- KITTY: No, no.
- No what?
Nobody about to tell me where
I can and [bleep] can't go.
Why the [bleep] is everybody
acting like I'm not supposed
to be here?
- Calling you and--
- I don't even wanna [bleep]
talk to you--
- [bleep]! Stop pushing me!
- ♪
- [indistinct yelling]
- ALISON:
Go, go, go!
Sky!
- [indistinct yelling]
- CEASER: Yo, is Sky crazy?
Why the [bleep] is she beating
up the bartenders now?
I can't be having this [bleep]
at my opening.
Sky, Sky, Sky!
Chill.
She's doing
too much right now.
I can't afford
this drama [bleep].
We're supposed to be
making a good impression
on this mother [bleep] city.
And beating up bartenders
is not the way you do it.
- [siren wailing]
- KITTY: [bleep] Cease,
the cops are outside.
- CEASER: Oh God.
- SKY: What the hell
are they doing here?
- CEASER: Yo, what the [bleep]
is going on?
First, I got Sky
having a little [bleep] fit.
I'm down a [bleep] bartender.
And I got the police at my door.
My stress level
is at the all-time high.
- [siren wailing]
- CEASER: What
the [bleep] is this?
What the [bleep]
is going on?
Yo, what the [bleep]?
Why is this girl
on a stretcher?
- ♪
- Yo, thank God.
At least it ain't got
nothing to do with me.
We need to get this mother
[bleep] party back on track.
- ♪ Get it popping
where it popping nonstop ♪
♪ Where you at, who with you,
where you from ♪
♪ We get it popping nonstop ♪
♪ Where you at, who with you,
where you from ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
- TATI: This is much better.
- Much better.
- TATI: How are you? Tatiana.
Nice to meet you.
- TATI: Oh, congratulations.
Welcome to the team.
- Excuse me. You don't know
who the [bleep] I am?
You better know who I am when
you walking up to Black Ink,
period.
- ♪
- SKY: What the [bleep]
you looking at?
- ♪
- He's either stupid, or dumb,
or he's just [bleep] with me.
Either way,
I have my eye on you.
- ♪
- No! No!
- No what?
- KITTY: What are you doing?
- Where is everybody at?
- What are you doing here?
- What you mean
what am I doing here?
I told you I was coming here.
You thought I was playing?
- Girl, it's too much going on.
- I came to this party because
it's a Black Ink grand opening,
and I'm a part of Black Ink,
as well.
I deserve to be here.
Ain't nobody about to tell me
where I can
and [bleep] can't go.
Y'all got me [bleep] up.
- KITTY: No! No!
- Hi.
- Kitty?
- Just the person
I wanted to see.
Hi, baby.
- KITTY: No, y'all not--
- TED: What's going on here?
- What you mean what is going--
- You wanna talk about
something, Jadah?
- Yeah, I do.
And I just wanna talk to you.
This whole situation with Tati
has completely gotten
blown out of
[bleep] proportion.
I came down here
to be a team player.
I did not come down here
for this.
But I'm willing to be the bigger
person and put this [bleep]
behind me so that
we can all work together.
- --not to come.
- What you mean why am I here?
You all are not
about to do this!
Y'all trying to make it seem
like I'm not allowed here.
Like come on, y'all--
- That's what it seeming like.
It seem like you definitely
not allowed here.
- Well, I'm here--
- [bleep] you going on, like
I don't know what the [bleep]
going on between y'all.
- What do I got going on?
I got [bleep] thrown in my face.
- Yo, guys, guys, guys!
Cut it out, cut it out!
You wanna talk?
Let's talk.
So, we're gonna talk,
and that's it.
I'm gonna talk to her.
- TED: No, Tati, I got this.
This [bleep] has been going on
for too [bleep] long.
Jadah she can do and say what
the [bleep] she want to
in the shop, and Tati's
way more of an asset.
Jadah, you're just
the receptionist.
Know your place
and stay the [bleep] in it.
Listen, I don't know
what the [bleep] is going on,
but this [bleep]
between you and Tati,
this [bleep] gotta stop.
Like I don't know
what's--like I said--
- You don't know
what's going on, Teddy.
You act like you're not
the reason for all this [bleep].
What happened?
Why the [bleep] is everybody
acting like
I'm not supposed to be here?
I don't even wanna [bleep] talk
to you right--don't touch me!
Don't touch me!
- Stop pushing me!
You know what?
You can get the [bleep]
out of here, bitch.
You fired, actually.
- JADAH: Fired?
- You can get the [bleep] out.
- ♪
- You know what? You can get
the [bleep] out of here, bitch.
You fired, actually.
- JADAH: Fired?
- You can get the [bleep] out.
You can't be here no more.
I promise you that.
What did I say?
Bro, this bitch
is dub, she's fired.
This bitch gotta go, bro.
Yo, listen to me, bro.
- Listen,
I did not come here
as an aggressor.
- Look at her now.
- Like what do you mean?
- Why is she here?
- [bleep] going on,
and you trying to fire me.
- Hold on, hold on.
- JADAH: I don't have time for--
- She gotta go.
- Now you wanna fire me?
[bleep] Teddy.
Like you can't even fire me
right now.
Like how the [bleep]
can you fire me anyways?
Only thing you good for is
sitting on the [bleep] couch.
Furthermore, I didn't
even do nothing anyway
to deserve to get fired.
No, [bleep] that.
- I'm tired of sitting back
and not saying nothing
about nothing, bro.
She gotta go, bro.
She's the problem.
- CEASER: That's what you want?
- Yes.
- CEASER: Jadah? Jadah.
Yeah, you're gonna have to go
home, baby.
You gotta go home right now.
- What do I gotta go home for?
I didn't come here for this.
When I walked in that house,
that girl threw beer in my face.
She came at me,
I didn't come here for that.
- Jadah, look at me.
[bleep] ain't
gonna work right now, yo.
You gotta figure that [bleep]
out or something.
Right now, I got too much
[bleep] to handle right now, yo.
I can't do this [bleep].
- What you mean
you can't do this?
- Listen, I cannot
handle no more drama
in my place of business.
I don't know why Jadah's
throwing a tantrum right now,
but I'm not putting up
with this [bleep] anymore.
And [bleep] can't
act professional,
they are out of here.
- [bleep] this [bleep].
[bleep] you, Teddy!
- TATI: We're officially open!
- ♪
- Hell no.
Everything we worked for
to get this shop up and going
is completely [bleep] destroyed.
What the [bleep]?
- DONNA: Why you did that
to Jadah last night?
- You bugging the [bleep] out.
- Like you fired her
for no reason.
She's [bleep] pregnant
on top of that.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa!
- What?
- ♪
- Whoo!
I'm saying like, me calling you
my girl should not
be an issue, right?
- ♪
- Today, I thought I'd give
the new guy a [bleep] chance.
But, no, this mother [bleep]
just creep in his blood.
- HERB: About to get popping.
Send anybody, Alex.
No, [bleep] that.
What you saying, Walt?
Come on, man, what's down?
You wanna fight?
- MAN: Hey, hey, hey!
[bleep] what's wrong
with you?
- [indistinct yelling]
- ♪